Exercise 4.06 Add NATS to project
NATS for project-backend
If the NATS_URL environment variable is set the backend sends messages to NATS on create, update, and deletion of tasks:

Action	NATS queue	NATS payload
POST /api/todos	todos.created	JSON of created task
PUT /api/todos/uuid	todos.updated	JSON of updated task
DELETE /api/todos/uuid	todos.deleted	JSON of just deleted task
The JSON objects stem directly from sequelize and always contain:
{id:uuidv4, userId: null, task: string, done: boolean, createdAt: timestamp, updatedAt: timestamp}

project-broadcaster: NATS to Telegram
"project-broadcaster" is subscribing to NATS. It listens to messages that are sent by the backend to either the queue "todos.created", "todos.updated" or "todos.deleted". The JSON payload gets forwarded in a message to a Telegram Chat informing the admin on the just happened change.

"project-broadcaster" requires the following environmental variables:

NATS_URL = nats://my-nats:4222
TELEGRAM_ACCESS_TOKEN = looks something like 123456:ABC-DEF1234ghIkl-zyx57W2v1u123ew11
TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID= looks something like -987654321
Both token and chat id must be acquired using the Telegram API.

The broadcaster can be scaled horizontally without Telegram messages getting sent by multiple subscribers/replicas at the same time. This is achieved by using NATS queue groups. My replicas join the queue "todos_broadcasters".

As messages on the registered subject are published, one member of the group is chosen randomly to receive the message. Although queue groups have multiple subscribers, each message is consumed by only one.

Source: https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/queue

Here is an example how it behaves during runtime:

Screencast of broadcaster runtime

Whats going on here?

The deployment is installed in the left pane of the terminal. In the right pane nats-cli is listening. It prints all messages unfiltered.

This works because kubectl -n project port-forward my-nats-0 4222 was executed in the second tab which is not visible.