Exercise 3.02: automatic GKE deployment for project
At first I created a cluster dwk-cluster like in the exercise before. I also decided to switch from the default GKE Ingress to Traefik v2. I had problems creating rewrite rules with Google's default Ingress (it looks like I'm not the only one). Since I need this function to prevent the backend and frontend of my CRUD app from interfering with each other, I decided to use Traefik v2 instead of the standard Ingress Controller.

Install Traefik v2 in my cluster
$ kubectl create namespace project
namespace/project created
$ kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=project
Context "gke_dwk-gke-284614_europe-west3_dwk-cluster" modified.
$ helm repo add traefik https://containous.github.io/traefik-helm-chart && \
  helm repo update && \
  helm install traefik traefik/traefik
"traefik" has been added to your repositories
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Successfully got an update from the "traefik" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "loki" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "stable" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈ Happy Helming!⎈
NAME: traefik
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Jul 31 17:37:27 2020
NAMESPACE: project
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
The helm chart creates a LoadBalancer service. Like manually created Service in the exercise before this gets a public external IP address:

$ kubectl get service --watch
NAME      TYPE           CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                      AGE
traefik   LoadBalancer   10.51.247.87   35.234.119.98   80:31601/TCP,443:30377/TCP   5m43s
With the cluster running and Traefik installed my automatic deployment for the project will work.